README.md, before:

# Features
    Login/Sign Up
        - Sign In /Sign up Form
        - redirect to Browse Page

    Browse (after authentication)
        - Header
        - Main Movie
            - Tailer in Background
            - Title & Description
            - MovieSuggestions
                - MovieLists * N
    NetflixGPT
            - Search Bar
            - Movie Suggestions

# Netflix GPT (Whatever done in the project)
    - Created React App using create-react-app
    - Configured TailwindCSS
    - Header
    - Routing of App
    - Login Form
    - Form Validation
    - Sign up Form
    - useRef Hook
    - Firebase Setup
    - Deploying our app to production
    - Create SignUp User Account
    - Implement Sign In user Api
    - Created Redux Store with userSlice
    - Implemented Sign out
    - Update Profile
    - BugFix: Sign up user displayName and profile picture update
    - BugFix: if the user is not logged in Redirect /browse to Login Page and vice-versa
    - Unsubscibed to the onAuthStateChanged callback
    - Add hardcoded values to the constants file
    - Regiter TMDB API & create an app & get access token
    - Get Data from TMDB now playing movies list API
    - Custom Hook for Now Playing Movies
    - Create movieSlice
    - Update Store with movies Data
    - Planning for MainContauiner & secondary container
    - Fetch Data for Trailer Video
    - Update Store with Trailer Video Data
    - Embedded the Youtube video and make it autoplay and mute
    - Tailwind Classes to make Main Container look awesome
    - Build Secondary Component
    - Build Movie List
    - build Movie Card
    - TMDB Image CDN URL
    - Made the Browsre page amazing with Tailwind CSS
    - usePopularMovies Custom hook
    - useUpcomingMovies Custom hook
    - useTopRatedMovies Custom hook
    - GPT Search Page
    - GPT Search Bar
    - build languageConstant to configure multiple language 
    - build configSlice to manage the state of the language 
    - created language supported in the constant.js in which each language has identifier and name
    - Created multi-language feature in our GPT Search for now

Commit message:

openai api key, fetched movie from tmdb, created gptSlice , reused MovieList component, memoization

README.md, after:

# Features
    Login/Sign Up
        - Sign In /Sign up Form
        - redirect to Browse Page

    Browse (after authentication)
        - Header
        - Main Movie
            - Tailer in Background
            - Title & Description
            - MovieSuggestions
                - MovieLists * N
    NetflixGPT
            - Search Bar
            - Movie Suggestions

# Netflix GPT (Whatever done in the project)
    - Created React App using create-react-app
    - Configured TailwindCSS
    - Header
    - Routing of App
    - Login Form
    - Form Validation
    - Sign up Form
    - useRef Hook
    - Firebase Setup
    - Deploying our app to production
    - Create SignUp User Account
    - Implement Sign In user Api
    - Created Redux Store with userSlice
    - Implemented Sign out
    - Update Profile
    - BugFix: Sign up user displayName and profile picture update
    - BugFix: if the user is not logged in Redirect /browse to Login Page and vice-versa
    - Unsubscibed to the onAuthStateChanged callback
    - Add hardcoded values to the constants file
    - Regiter TMDB API & create an app & get access token
    - Get Data from TMDB now playing movies list API
    - Custom Hook for Now Playing Movies
    - Create movieSlice
    - Update Store with movies Data
    - Planning for MainContauiner & secondary container
    - Fetch Data for Trailer Video
    - Update Store with Trailer Video Data
    - Embedded the Youtube video and make it autoplay and mute
    - Tailwind Classes to make Main Container look awesome
    - Build Secondary Component
    - Build Movie List
    - build Movie Card
    - TMDB Image CDN URL
    - Made the Browsre page amazing with Tailwind CSS
    - usePopularMovies Custom hook
    - useUpcomingMovies Custom hook
    - useTopRatedMovies Custom hook
    - GPT Search Page
    - GPT Search Bar
    - build languageConstant to configure multiple language 
    - build configSlice to manage the state of the language 
    - created language supported in the constant.js in which each language has identifier and name
    - Created multi-language feature in our GPT Search
    - Get OpenAi Api Key
    - Gpt Search API Call
    - fetched gptMoviesSuggestions from TMDB
    - created gptSlice and stored the recommended movie name from gpt openai to our store
    - also stored all the data fetched from TMDB which is recommended by gpt openai 
    - Resused MovieList component to make movie suggestion container
    - Memoization to prevent unnecessary api calls
    - Added .env file to keep our secrets key there
    - Adding .env file to gitignore
